the shaman's take Sakana which is a
hallucinogenic snuff made from dried
tree sap in order to waken the spirits
known as Aquila sleeping inside them as
the spirits wake they begin to sing each
chant of the shaman is the unique song
of a Pakula spirit
the main virtue of the hakuna spirits is
their ability to defend the Shaymin and
everyone else in the community from evil
spirits the Communists cause of illness
and other misfortune but a shaman must
be able to control the spirits within
him as they are not inherently
benevolent a powerful shaman in control
of many hakuna spirits and therefore
with a large repertoire of songs is able
to cure many diseases and ward off
sorcery today I was hoping just to
observe but the shaman's are keen to get
my initiation underway a small amount of
sickness snuff should attract the hakuna
[Music]
definitely more vivid emotions a bit
nerd very strange because only I've only
had a little better snap but suddenly
it's weird I kind of feel more in tune
with these guys dancing around than all
the straight faces they caught the eye
of a straight guy
I need it lads I don't know where died
today was a spectacle to say the least
like something nothing I've ever seen
before
I'm even though I took a little bit of
the drug and I joined in for me it's
just opened up more questions really I'm
just gagging to know what it is that
makes these people tick and what's going
through their minds when they do miss a
man either
quite the most extraordinary thing I've
ever seen
you